.coveragerc
.dockerignore
.gitignore
CHANGELOG.md
Dockerfile.server
LICENSE
PRIVACY_POLICY.md
README.md
_config.yml
pylintrc
pyproject.toml
pytest.ini
pyuic.json
randovania.spec
requirements-setuptools.txt
requirements-small.txt
requirements-xvfb.txt
requirements.txt
setup.cfg
setup.py
.github/dependabot.yml
.github/workflows/docker-image.yml
.github/workflows/tests.yml
.idea/.name
.idea/encodings.xml
.idea/markdown-navigator.xml
.idea/misc.xml
.idea/modules.xml
.idea/randovania.iml
.idea/vcs.xml
.idea/dictionaries/henri.xml
.idea/inspectionProfiles/Project_Default.xml
.idea/markdown-navigator/profiles_settings.xml
.idea/runConfigurations/Bot.xml
.idea/runConfigurations/Build_UI.xml
.idea/runConfigurations/Create_Permalink.xml
.idea/runConfigurations/Create_Release.xml
.idea/runConfigurations/Data_Editor.xml
.idea/runConfigurations/Distribute.xml
.idea/runConfigurations/GUI.xml
.idea/runConfigurations/Refresh_All_Databases.xml
.idea/runConfigurations/Server.xml
.idea/runConfigurations/Tests__All_.xml
.idea/runConfigurations/Tests__No_Gen_.xml
.idea/runConfigurations/Tests_with_Windows_executable.xml
.idea/runConfigurations/Update_prime1_txt.xml
.idea/runConfigurations/Update_prime2_txt.xml
.idea/runConfigurations/Update_prime3_txt.xml
.idea/runConfigurations/Update_super_metroid_txt.xml
.idea/runConfigurations/Validate.xml
.idea/runConfigurations/Validate_Prime_Vanilla.xml
docs/NEW_GAME.md
randovania/__init__.py
randovania/__main__.py
randovania/version.py
randovania.egg-info/PKG-INFO
randovania.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
randovania.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
randovania.egg-info/entry_points.txt
randovania.egg-info/not-zip-safe
randovania.egg-info/requires.txt
randovania.egg-info/top_level.txt
randovania/bitpacking/__init__.py
randovania/bitpacking/bitpacking.py
randovania/bitpacking/json_dataclass.py
randovania/bitpacking/type_enforcement.py
randovania/cli/__init__.py
randovania/cli/echoes.py
randovania/cli/echoes_lib.py
randovania/cli/gui.py
randovania/cli/prime_database.py
randovania/cli/server.py
randovania/cli/commands/__init__.py
randovania/cli/commands/batch_distribute.py
randovania/cli/commands/distribute.py
randovania/cli/commands/permalink_command.py
randovania/cli/commands/randomize_command.py
randovania/cli/commands/refresh_presets.py
randovania/cli/commands/validate.py
randovania/data/.gitignore
randovania/data/ClarisEchoesMenu/EchoesMenu.exe
randovania/data/ClarisEchoesMenu/liblzo2.dylib
randovania/data/ClarisEchoesMenu/lzo2.dll
randovania/data/ClarisEchoesMenu/readme.txt
randovania/data/ClarisPrimeRandomizer/.gitignore
randovania/data/ClarisPrimeRandomizer/Randomizer.exe
randovania/data/ClarisPrimeRandomizer/RandomizerData.json
randovania/data/ClarisPrimeRandomizer/liblzo2.dylib
randovania/data/ClarisPrimeRandomizer/lzo2.dll
randovania/data/ClarisPrimeRandomizer/readme.txt
randovania/data/ClarisPrimeRandomizer/zlib1.dll
randovania/data/binary_data/.gitignore
randovania/data/binary_data/CREDITS.txt
randovania/data/gui_assets/database-example.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/database-open.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker-open.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/prime1-classic.json
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/prime1-game.json
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/prime2-classic.json
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/prime2-game-three-lines.json
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/prime2-game-two-lines.json
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/prime2-game.json
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/prime3-classic.json
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/prime3-game.json
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/trackers.json
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp1/artifact.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp1/boost_ball.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp1/charge_beam.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp1/energy_tank.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp1/flamethrower.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp1/grapple_beam.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp1/gravity_suit.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp1/ice_beam.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp1/ice_spreader.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp1/missile_launcher.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp1/morph_ball.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp1/morph_ball_bomb.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp1/phazon_suit.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp1/plasma_beam.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp1/power_bomb.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp1/scan_visor.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp1/space_jump_boots.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp1/spider_ball.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp1/super_missile.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp1/thermal_visor.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp1/varia_suit.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp1/wave_beam.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp1/wavebuster.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp1/x-ray_visor.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp2/amber_translator.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp2/annihilator_beam.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp2/beam_ammo_expansion.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp2/boost_ball.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp2/charge_beam.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp2/cobalt_translator.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp2/dark_agon_key-recolored.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp2/dark_agon_key.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp2/dark_ammo_expansion.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp2/dark_beam.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp2/dark_suit.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp2/dark_torvus_key-recolored.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp2/dark_torvus_key.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp2/dark_visor.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp2/darkburst.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp2/echo_visor.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp2/emerald_translator.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp2/energy_tank.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp2/energy_transfer_module.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp2/grapple_beam.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp2/gravity_boost.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp2/ing_hive_key-recolored.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp2/ing_hive_key.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp2/light_ammo_expansion.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp2/light_beam.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp2/light_suit.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp2/missile_launcher.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp2/morph_ball.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp2/morph_ball_bomb.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp2/power_bomb.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp2/scan_visor.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp2/screw_attack.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp2/seeker_launcher.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp2/sky_temple_key.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp2/sonic_boom.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp2/space_jump_boots.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp2/spider_ball.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp2/sunburst.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp2/super_missile.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp2/violet_translator.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp3/Hyper_Beam.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp3/Hyper_Grapple.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp3/Hyper_Missile.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp3/Ice_Missile.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp3/Missile_Launcher.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp3/Morph_Ball.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp3/Morph_Ball_Bomb.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp3/Scan_Visor.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp3/Screw_Attack.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp3/Seeker_Launcher.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp3/Ship_Grapple.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp3/Ship_Missile.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp3/Space_Jump_Boots.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp3/Spider_Ball.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp3/X-Ray_Visor.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp3/boost_ball.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp3/charge_beam.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp3/combat_visor.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp3/command_visor.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp3/energy_cell.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp3/energy_tank.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp3/grapple_lasso.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp3/grapple_swing.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp3/grapple_voltage.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp3/hazard_shield.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp3/hyper_ball.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp3/nova_beam.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/mp3/plasma_beam.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/sm/charge_beam.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/sm/energy_tank.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/sm/grappling_beam.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/sm/gravity_suit.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/sm/hi-jump_boots.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/sm/ice_beam.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/sm/missiles.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/sm/morph_ball_bomb.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/sm/morphing_ball.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/sm/plasma_beam.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/sm/power_bomb.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/sm/reserve_tank.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/sm/screw_attack.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/sm/space_jump.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/sm/spazer.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/sm/speed_booster.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/sm/spring_ball.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/sm/super_missiles.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/sm/varia_suit.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/sm/wave_beam.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/classic-images/sm/x-ray_scope.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp1/artifact.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp1/boost_ball.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp1/charge_beam.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp1/energy_tank.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp1/flamethrower.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp1/grapple_beam.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp1/gravity_suit.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp1/ice_beam.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp1/ice_spreader.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp1/missile_launcher.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp1/morph_ball.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp1/morph_ball_bomb.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp1/phazon_suit.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp1/plasma_beam.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp1/power_beam.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp1/power_bomb.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp1/scan_visor.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp1/space_jump_boots.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp1/spider_ball.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp1/super_missile.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp1/thermal_visor.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp1/varia_suit.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp1/wave_beam.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp1/wavebuster.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp1/x-ray_visor.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/Boost_Ball_alt.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/amber_translator.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/annihilator_beam.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/beam_ammo_expansion.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/boost_ball.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/charge_beam.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/cobalt_translator.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/combat_visor.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/dark_agon_key-recolored.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/dark_agon_key.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/dark_ammo_expansion.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/dark_beam.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/dark_suit.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/dark_torvus_key-recolored.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/dark_torvus_key.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/dark_visor.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/darkburst.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/echo_visor.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/emerald_translator.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/energy_tank.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/energy_transfer_module.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/grapple_beam.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/gravity_boost.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/ing_hive_key-recolored.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/ing_hive_key.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/light_ammo_expansion.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/light_beam.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/light_suit.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/missile_expansion.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/missile_launcher.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/morph_ball.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/morph_ball_bomb.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/power_bomb.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/power_bomb_expansion.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/scan_visor.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/screw_attack.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/seeker_launcher.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/sky_temple_key.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/sonic_boom.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/space_jump_boots.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/spider_ball.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/spider_ball_alt.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/sunburst.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/super_missile.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/violet_translator.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp3/Hyper_Beam.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp3/Hyper_Grapple.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp3/Hyper_Missile.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp3/Ice_Missile.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp3/Missile_Launcher.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp3/Morph_Ball.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp3/Morph_Ball_Bomb.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp3/Plasma_Beam.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp3/Scan_Visor.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp3/Screw_Attack.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp3/Seeker_Launcher.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp3/Ship_Grapple.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp3/Ship_Missile.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp3/Space_Jump_Boots.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp3/Spider_Ball.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp3/X-Ray_Visor.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp3/boost_ball.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp3/charge_beam.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp3/combat_visor.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp3/command_visor.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp3/energy_cell.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp3/energy_tank.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp3/grapple_lasso.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp3/grapple_swing.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp3/grapple_voltage.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp3/hazard_shield.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp3/hyper_ball.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp3/nova_beam.gif
randovania/data/hash_words/hash_words.json
randovania/data/icons/sky_temple_key_NqN_icon.ico
randovania/data/item_database/prime1/item-database.json
randovania/data/item_database/prime1/default_state/ammo.json
randovania/data/item_database/prime1/default_state/major-items.json
randovania/data/item_database/prime2/item-database.json
randovania/data/item_database/prime2/memo_data.json
randovania/data/item_database/prime2/default_state/ammo.json
randovania/data/item_database/prime2/default_state/major-items.json
randovania/data/item_database/prime2/default_state/translator_vanilla_actual.json
randovania/data/item_database/prime2/default_state/translator_vanilla_colors.json
randovania/data/item_database/prime3/item-database.json
randovania/data/item_database/prime3/default_state/ammo.json
randovania/data/item_database/prime3/default_state/major-items.json
randovania/data/item_database/super_metroid/item-database.json
randovania/data/item_database/super_metroid/default_state/ammo.json
randovania/data/item_database/super_metroid/default_state/major-items.json
randovania/data/json_data/CREDITS.txt
randovania/data/json_data/prime1/Chozo Ruins.json
randovania/data/json_data/prime1/Chozo Ruins.txt
randovania/data/json_data/prime1/End of Game.json
randovania/data/json_data/prime1/End of Game.txt
randovania/data/json_data/prime1/Frigate Orpheon.json
randovania/data/json_data/prime1/Frigate Orpheon.txt
randovania/data/json_data/prime1/Impact Crater.json
randovania/data/json_data/prime1/Impact Crater.txt
randovania/data/json_data/prime1/Magmoor Caverns.json
randovania/data/json_data/prime1/Magmoor Caverns.txt
randovania/data/json_data/prime1/Phazon Mines.json
randovania/data/json_data/prime1/Phazon Mines.txt
randovania/data/json_data/prime1/Phendrana Drifts.json
randovania/data/json_data/prime1/Phendrana Drifts.txt
randovania/data/json_data/prime1/Tallon Overworld.json
randovania/data/json_data/prime1/Tallon Overworld.txt
randovania/data/json_data/prime1/header.json
randovania/data/json_data/prime1/header.txt
randovania/data/json_data/prime2/Agon Wastes.json
randovania/data/json_data/prime2/Agon Wastes.txt
randovania/data/json_data/prime2/Great Temple.json
randovania/data/json_data/prime2/Great Temple.txt
randovania/data/json_data/prime2/Sanctuary Fortress.json
randovania/data/json_data/prime2/Sanctuary Fortress.txt
randovania/data/json_data/prime2/Temple Grounds.json
randovania/data/json_data/prime2/Temple Grounds.txt
randovania/data/json_data/prime2/Torvus Bog.json
randovania/data/json_data/prime2/Torvus Bog.txt
randovania/data/json_data/prime2/header.json
randovania/data/json_data/prime2/header.txt
randovania/data/json_data/prime3/Bryyo - Fire.json
randovania/data/json_data/prime3/Bryyo - Fire.txt
randovania/data/json_data/prime3/Bryyo - Ice.json
randovania/data/json_data/prime3/Bryyo - Ice.txt
randovania/data/json_data/prime3/Bryyo - Reptilicus.json
randovania/data/json_data/prime3/Bryyo - Reptilicus.txt
randovania/data/json_data/prime3/Bryyo - Seed.json
randovania/data/json_data/prime3/Bryyo - Seed.txt
randovania/data/json_data/prime3/GFS Olympus.json
randovania/data/json_data/prime3/GFS Olympus.txt
randovania/data/json_data/prime3/GFS Valhalla.json
randovania/data/json_data/prime3/GFS Valhalla.txt
randovania/data/json_data/prime3/Norion.json
randovania/data/json_data/prime3/Norion.txt
randovania/data/json_data/prime3/Phaaze.json
randovania/data/json_data/prime3/Phaaze.txt
randovania/data/json_data/prime3/Pirate Homeworld - Command.json
randovania/data/json_data/prime3/Pirate Homeworld - Command.txt
randovania/data/json_data/prime3/Pirate Homeworld - Mines.json
randovania/data/json_data/prime3/Pirate Homeworld - Mines.txt
randovania/data/json_data/prime3/Pirate Homeworld - Research.json
randovania/data/json_data/prime3/Pirate Homeworld - Research.txt
randovania/data/json_data/prime3/Pirate Homeworld - Seed.json
randovania/data/json_data/prime3/Pirate Homeworld - Seed.txt
randovania/data/json_data/prime3/SkyTown Elysia - Main.json
randovania/data/json_data/prime3/SkyTown Elysia - Main.txt
randovania/data/json_data/prime3/SkyTown Elysia - Pod.json
randovania/data/json_data/prime3/SkyTown Elysia - Pod.txt
randovania/data/json_data/prime3/SkyTown Elysia - Seed.json
randovania/data/json_data/prime3/SkyTown Elysia - Seed.txt
randovania/data/json_data/prime3/header.json
randovania/data/json_data/prime3/header.txt
randovania/data/json_data/super_metroid/Ceres Station.json
randovania/data/json_data/super_metroid/Ceres Station.txt
randovania/data/json_data/super_metroid/Middle Zebes.json
randovania/data/json_data/super_metroid/Middle Zebes.txt
randovania/data/json_data/super_metroid/Norfair.json
randovania/data/json_data/super_metroid/Norfair.txt
randovania/data/json_data/super_metroid/Upper Zebes.json
randovania/data/json_data/super_metroid/Upper Zebes.txt
randovania/data/json_data/super_metroid/header.json
randovania/data/json_data/super_metroid/header.txt
randovania/data/nintendont/.gitignore
randovania/data/presets/presets.json
randovania/data/presets/prime1/fewest_changes.rdvpreset
randovania/data/presets/prime1/starter_preset.rdvpreset
randovania/data/presets/prime2/darkszero_deluxe.rdvpreset
randovania/data/presets/prime2/fewest_changes.rdvpreset
randovania/data/presets/prime2/starter_preset.rdvpreset
randovania/data/presets/prime3/starter_preset.rdvpreset
randovania/data/presets/super_metroid/starter_preset.rdvpreset
randovania/dol_patching/__init__.py
randovania/dol_patching/dol_file.py
randovania/dol_patching/dol_version.py
randovania/dol_patching/assembler/__init__.py
randovania/dol_patching/assembler/custom_ppc.py
randovania/dol_patching/assembler/ppc.py
randovania/game_connection/__init__.py
randovania/game_connection/connection_backend.py
randovania/game_connection/connection_base.py
randovania/game_connection/game_connection.py
randovania/game_connection/memory_executor_choice.py
randovania/game_connection/connector/__init__.py
randovania/game_connection/connector/corruption_remote_connector.py
randovania/game_connection/connector/echoes_remote_connector.py
randovania/game_connection/connector/prime1_remote_connector.py
randovania/game_connection/connector/prime_remote_connector.py
randovania/game_connection/connector/remote_connector.py
randovania/game_connection/executor/__init__.py
randovania/game_connection/executor/dolphin_executor.py
randovania/game_connection/executor/memory_operation.py
randovania/game_connection/executor/nintendont_executor.py
randovania/game_description/__init__.py
randovania/game_description/assignment.py
randovania/game_description/data_reader.py
randovania/game_description/data_writer.py
randovania/game_description/default_database.py
randovania/game_description/game_description.py
randovania/game_description/game_patches.py
randovania/game_description/hint.py
randovania/game_description/node_search.py
randovania/game_description/pretty_print.py
randovania/game_description/requirements.py
randovania/game_description/item/__init__.py
randovania/game_description/item/ammo.py
randovania/game_description/item/item_category.py
randovania/game_description/item/item_database.py
randovania/game_description/item/major_item.py
randovania/game_description/resources/__init__.py
randovania/game_description/resources/damage_resource_info.py
randovania/game_description/resources/item_resource_info.py
randovania/game_description/resources/logbook_asset.py
randovania/game_description/resources/pickup_entry.py
randovania/game_description/resources/pickup_index.py
randovania/game_description/resources/resource_database.py
randovania/game_description/resources/resource_info.py
randovania/game_description/resources/resource_type.py
randovania/game_description/resources/search.py
randovania/game_description/resources/simple_resource_info.py
randovania/game_description/resources/translator_gate.py
randovania/game_description/resources/trick_resource_info.py
randovania/game_description/world/__init__.py
randovania/game_description/world/area.py
randovania/game_description/world/area_location.py
randovania/game_description/world/dock.py
randovania/game_description/world/node.py
randovania/game_description/world/teleporter.py
randovania/game_description/world/world.py
randovania/game_description/world/world_list.py
randovania/games/__init__.py
randovania/games/binary_data.py
randovania/games/default_data.py
randovania/games/game.py
randovania/games/patcher.py
randovania/games/patcher_provider.py
randovania/games/patchers/__init__.py
randovania/games/patchers/claris_patcher.py
randovania/games/patchers/claris_patcher_file.py
randovania/games/patchers/claris_randomizer.py
randovania/games/patchers/csharp_subprocess.py
randovania/games/patchers/exceptions.py
randovania/games/patchers/gollop_corruption_patcher.py
randovania/games/patchers/randomprime_patcher.py
randovania/games/patchers/super_duper_metroid_patcher.py
randovania/games/patchers/gamecube/__init__.py
randovania/games/patchers/gamecube/banner_patcher.py
randovania/games/patchers/gamecube/iso_packager.py
randovania/games/prime/__init__.py
randovania/games/prime/all_prime_dol_patches.py
randovania/games/prime/asset_conversion.py
randovania/games/prime/corruption_dol_patches.py
randovania/games/prime/corruption_dol_versions.py
randovania/games/prime/corruption_items.py
randovania/games/prime/echoes_dol_patcher.py
randovania/games/prime/echoes_dol_patches.py
randovania/games/prime/echoes_dol_versions.py
randovania/games/prime/echoes_elevators.py
randovania/games/prime/echoes_items.py
randovania/games/prime/elevators.py
randovania/games/prime/prime1_dol_patches.py
randovania/games/prime/prime1_dol_versions.py
randovania/games/prime/prime1_elevators.py
randovania/games/prime/prime_items.py
randovania/games/prime/patcher_file_lib/__init__.py
randovania/games/prime/patcher_file_lib/credits_spoiler.py
randovania/games/prime/patcher_file_lib/guaranteed_item_hint.py
randovania/games/prime/patcher_file_lib/hint_formatters.py
randovania/games/prime/patcher_file_lib/hint_lib.py
randovania/games/prime/patcher_file_lib/hint_name_creator.py
randovania/games/prime/patcher_file_lib/hints.py
randovania/games/prime/patcher_file_lib/item_hints.py
randovania/games/prime/patcher_file_lib/item_names.py
randovania/games/prime/patcher_file_lib/pickup_exporter.py
randovania/games/prime/patcher_file_lib/sky_temple_key_hint.py
randovania/games/prime/patcher_file_lib/temple_key_hint.py
randovania/generator/__init__.py
randovania/generator/base_patches_factory.py
randovania/generator/elevator_distributor.py
randovania/generator/generator.py
randovania/generator/generator_reach.py
randovania/generator/graph.py
randovania/generator/old_generator_reach.py
randovania/generator/reach_lib.py
randovania/generator/filler/__init__.py
randovania/generator/filler/action.py
randovania/generator/filler/filler_configuration.py
randovania/generator/filler/filler_library.py
randovania/generator/filler/filler_logging.py
randovania/generator/filler/pickup_list.py
randovania/generator/filler/player_state.py
randovania/generator/filler/retcon.py
randovania/generator/filler/runner.py
randovania/generator/item_pool/__init__.py
randovania/generator/item_pool/ammo.py
randovania/generator/item_pool/artifacts.py
randovania/generator/item_pool/dark_temple_keys.py
randovania/generator/item_pool/energy_cells.py
randovania/generator/item_pool/major_items.py
randovania/generator/item_pool/pickup_creator.py
randovania/generator/item_pool/pool_creator.py
randovania/generator/item_pool/sky_temple_keys.py
randovania/gui/__init__.py
randovania/gui/auto_tracker_window.py
randovania/gui/corruption_layout_editor.py
randovania/gui/data_editor.py
randovania/gui/debug_backend_window.py
randovania/gui/game_session_window.py
randovania/gui/game_specific_gui.py
randovania/gui/generate_seed_tab.py
randovania/gui/main_online_interaction.py
randovania/gui/main_window.py
randovania/gui/multiworld_client.py
randovania/gui/online_game_list_window.py
randovania/gui/qt.py
randovania/gui/seed_details_window.py
randovania/gui/tracker_window.py
randovania/gui/dialog/__init__.py
randovania/gui/dialog/background_process_dialog.py
randovania/gui/dialog/base_cosmetic_patches_dialog.py
randovania/gui/dialog/connections_editor.py
randovania/gui/dialog/corruption_cosmetic_patches_dialog.py
randovania/gui/dialog/echoes_cosmetic_patches_dialog.py
randovania/gui/dialog/game_input_dialog.py
randovania/gui/dialog/login_prompt_dialog.py
randovania/gui/dialog/node_details_popup.py
randovania/gui/dialog/permalink_dialog.py
randovania/gui/dialog/prime_cosmetic_patches_dialog.py
randovania/gui/dialog/racetime_browser_dialog.py
randovania/gui/dialog/scroll_label_dialog.py
randovania/gui/dialog/trick_details_popup.py
randovania/gui/dialog/trick_usage_popup.py
randovania/gui/generated/.gitignore
randovania/gui/generated/__init__.py
randovania/gui/generated/auto_tracker_window_ui.py
randovania/gui/generated/background_process_dialog_ui.py
randovania/gui/generated/connections_editor_ui.py
randovania/gui/generated/corruption_cosmetic_patches_dialog_ui.py
randovania/gui/generated/corruption_layout_editor_ui.py
randovania/gui/generated/data_editor_ui.py
randovania/gui/generated/debug_backend_window_ui.py
randovania/gui/generated/echoes_cosmetic_patches_dialog_ui.py
randovania/gui/generated/game_input_dialog_ui.py
randovania/gui/generated/game_session_browser_dialog_ui.py
randovania/gui/generated/game_session_ui.py
randovania/gui/generated/item_configuration_popup_ui.py
randovania/gui/generated/logic_settings_window_ui.py
randovania/gui/generated/login_prompt_dialog_ui.py
randovania/gui/generated/main_window_ui.py
randovania/gui/generated/node_details_popup_ui.py
randovania/gui/generated/permalink_dialog_ui.py
randovania/gui/generated/preset_echoes_beam_configuration_ui.py
randovania/gui/generated/preset_echoes_goal_ui.py
randovania/gui/generated/preset_echoes_hints_ui.py
randovania/gui/generated/preset_echoes_patches_ui.py
randovania/gui/generated/preset_echoes_translators_ui.py
randovania/gui/generated/preset_elevators_ui.py
randovania/gui/generated/preset_item_pool_ui.py
randovania/gui/generated/preset_location_pool_ui.py
randovania/gui/generated/preset_logic_damage_ui.py
randovania/gui/generated/preset_patcher_energy_ui.py
randovania/gui/generated/preset_prime_goal_ui.py
randovania/gui/generated/preset_prime_patches_ui.py
randovania/gui/generated/preset_starting_area_ui.py
randovania/gui/generated/preset_trick_level_ui.py
randovania/gui/generated/prime_cosmetic_patches_dialog_ui.py
randovania/gui/generated/racetime_browser_dialog_ui.py
randovania/gui/generated/scroll_label_dialog_ui.py
randovania/gui/generated/seed_details_window_ui.py
randovania/gui/generated/tracker_window_ui.py
randovania/gui/generated/trick_details_popup_ui.py
randovania/gui/generated/trick_usage_popup_ui.py
randovania/gui/generated/widget_location_pool_row_ui.py
randovania/gui/generated/widget_pickup_style_ui.py
randovania/gui/lib/__init__.py
randovania/gui/lib/area_list_helper.py
randovania/gui/lib/async_dialog.py
randovania/gui/lib/background_task_mixin.py
randovania/gui/lib/clickable_label.py
randovania/gui/lib/close_event_widget.py
randovania/gui/lib/common_qt_lib.py
randovania/gui/lib/connections_visualizer.py
randovania/gui/lib/foldable.py
randovania/gui/lib/game_connection_setup.py
randovania/gui/lib/game_exporter.py
randovania/gui/lib/generation_failure_handling.py
randovania/gui/lib/hints_text.py
randovania/gui/lib/pixmap_lib.py
randovania/gui/lib/preset_describer.py
randovania/gui/lib/preset_tree_widget.py
randovania/gui/lib/qt_network_client.py
randovania/gui/lib/scroll_protected.py
randovania/gui/lib/signal_handling.py
randovania/gui/lib/startup_tools.py
randovania/gui/lib/theme.py
randovania/gui/lib/trick_lib.py
randovania/gui/lib/window_manager.py
randovania/gui/preset_settings/__init__.py
randovania/gui/preset_settings/elevators_tab.py
randovania/gui/preset_settings/item_configuration_widget.py
randovania/gui/preset_settings/item_pool_tab.py
randovania/gui/preset_settings/location_pool_row_widget.py
randovania/gui/preset_settings/location_pool_tab.py
randovania/gui/preset_settings/logic_damage_tab.py
randovania/gui/preset_settings/logic_settings_window.py
randovania/gui/preset_settings/metroid_item_pool_tab.py
randovania/gui/preset_settings/patcher_energy_tab.py
randovania/gui/preset_settings/pickup_style_widget.py
randovania/gui/preset_settings/preset_tab.py
randovania/gui/preset_settings/progressive_item_widget.py
randovania/gui/preset_settings/split_ammo_widget.py
randovania/gui/preset_settings/starting_area_tab.py
randovania/gui/preset_settings/trick_level_tab.py
randovania/gui/preset_settings/prime1/__init__.py
randovania/gui/preset_settings/prime1/prime_goal_tab.py
randovania/gui/preset_settings/prime1/prime_patches_tab.py
randovania/gui/preset_settings/prime2/__init__.py
randovania/gui/preset_settings/prime2/echoes_beam_configuration_tab.py
randovania/gui/preset_settings/prime2/echoes_goal_tab.py
randovania/gui/preset_settings/prime2/echoes_hints_tab.py
randovania/gui/preset_settings/prime2/echoes_item_pool_tab.py
randovania/gui/preset_settings/prime2/echoes_patches_tab.py
randovania/gui/preset_settings/prime2/echoes_translators_tab.py
randovania/gui/ui_files/.gitignore
randovania/gui/ui_files/auto_tracker_window.ui
randovania/gui/ui_files/background_process_dialog.ui
randovania/gui/ui_files/connections_editor.ui
randovania/gui/ui_files/corruption_cosmetic_patches_dialog.ui
randovania/gui/ui_files/corruption_layout_editor.ui
randovania/gui/ui_files/data_editor.ui
randovania/gui/ui_files/debug_backend_window.ui
randovania/gui/ui_files/echoes_cosmetic_patches_dialog.ui
randovania/gui/ui_files/game_input_dialog.ui
randovania/gui/ui_files/game_session.ui
randovania/gui/ui_files/game_session_browser_dialog.ui
randovania/gui/ui_files/item_configuration_popup.ui
randovania/gui/ui_files/logic_settings_window.ui
randovania/gui/ui_files/login_prompt_dialog.ui
randovania/gui/ui_files/main_window.ui
randovania/gui/ui_files/node_details_popup.ui
randovania/gui/ui_files/permalink_dialog.ui
randovania/gui/ui_files/preset_echoes_beam_configuration.ui
randovania/gui/ui_files/preset_echoes_goal.ui
randovania/gui/ui_files/preset_echoes_hints.ui
randovania/gui/ui_files/preset_echoes_patches.ui
randovania/gui/ui_files/preset_echoes_translators.ui
randovania/gui/ui_files/preset_elevators.ui
randovania/gui/ui_files/preset_item_pool.ui
randovania/gui/ui_files/preset_location_pool.ui
randovania/gui/ui_files/preset_logic_damage.ui
randovania/gui/ui_files/preset_patcher_energy.ui
randovania/gui/ui_files/preset_prime_goal.ui
randovania/gui/ui_files/preset_prime_patches.ui
randovania/gui/ui_files/preset_starting_area.ui
randovania/gui/ui_files/preset_trick_level.ui
randovania/gui/ui_files/prime_cosmetic_patches_dialog.ui
randovania/gui/ui_files/racetime_browser_dialog.ui
randovania/gui/ui_files/scroll_label_dialog.ui
randovania/gui/ui_files/seed_details_window.ui
randovania/gui/ui_files/tracker_window.ui
randovania/gui/ui_files/trick_details_popup.ui
randovania/gui/ui_files/trick_usage_popup.ui
randovania/gui/ui_files/widget_location_pool_row.ui
randovania/gui/ui_files/widget_pickup_style.ui
randovania/interface_common/__init__.py
randovania/interface_common/echoes.py
randovania/interface_common/game_workdir.py
randovania/interface_common/github_releases_data.py
randovania/interface_common/options.py
randovania/interface_common/persisted_options.py
randovania/interface_common/persistence.py
randovania/interface_common/players_configuration.py
randovania/interface_common/preset_editor.py
randovania/interface_common/preset_manager.py
randovania/interface_common/simplified_patcher.py
randovania/interface_common/sleep_inhibitor.py
randovania/interface_common/update_checker.py
randovania/layout/__init__.py
randovania/layout/configuration_factory.py
randovania/layout/game_patches_serializer.py
randovania/layout/game_to_class.py
randovania/layout/layout_description.py
randovania/layout/permalink.py
randovania/layout/preset.py
randovania/layout/preset_migration.py
randovania/layout/base/__init__.py
randovania/layout/base/ammo_configuration.py
randovania/layout/base/ammo_state.py
randovania/layout/base/available_locations.py
randovania/layout/base/base_configuration.py
randovania/layout/base/cosmetic_patches.py
randovania/layout/base/damage_strictness.py
randovania/layout/base/logical_resource_action.py
randovania/layout/base/major_item_state.py
randovania/layout/base/major_items_configuration.py
randovania/layout/base/pickup_model.py
randovania/layout/base/trick_level.py
randovania/layout/base/trick_level_configuration.py
randovania/layout/lib/__init__.py
randovania/layout/lib/location_list.py
randovania/layout/lib/teleporters.py
randovania/layout/prime1/__init__.py
randovania/layout/prime1/artifact_mode.py
randovania/layout/prime1/prime_configuration.py
randovania/layout/prime1/prime_cosmetic_patches.py
randovania/layout/prime2/__init__.py
randovania/layout/prime2/beam_configuration.py
randovania/layout/prime2/echoes_configuration.py
randovania/layout/prime2/echoes_cosmetic_patches.py
randovania/layout/prime2/echoes_user_preferences.py
randovania/layout/prime2/hint_configuration.py
randovania/layout/prime2/translator_configuration.py
randovania/layout/prime3/__init__.py
randovania/layout/prime3/corruption_configuration.py
randovania/layout/prime3/corruption_cosmetic_patches.py
randovania/layout/super_metroid/__init__.py
randovania/layout/super_metroid/super_metroid_configuration.py
randovania/layout/super_metroid/super_metroid_cosmetic_patches.py
randovania/lib/__init__.py
randovania/lib/enum_lib.py
randovania/lib/status_update_lib.py
randovania/network_client/__init__.py
randovania/network_client/game_session.py
randovania/network_client/network_client.py
randovania/network_common/__init__.py
randovania/network_common/admin_actions.py
randovania/network_common/binary_formats.py
randovania/network_common/error.py
randovania/network_common/pickup_serializer.py
randovania/network_common/session_state.py
randovania/resolver/__init__.py
randovania/resolver/bootstrap.py
randovania/resolver/debug.py
randovania/resolver/event_pickup.py
randovania/resolver/exceptions.py
randovania/resolver/logic.py
randovania/resolver/random_lib.py
randovania/resolver/resolver.py
randovania/resolver/resolver_reach.py
randovania/resolver/state.py
randovania/server/__init__.py
randovania/server/app.py
randovania/server/database.py
randovania/server/database_migration.py
randovania/server/game_session.py
randovania/server/lib.py
randovania/server/server_app.py
randovania/server/user_session.py
randovania/server/discord/__init__.py
randovania/server/discord/bot.py
randovania/server/discord/database_command.py
randovania/server/discord/preset_lookup.py
test/__init__.py
test/conftest.py
test/test_randovania_init.py
test/bitpacking/test_bitpacking.py
test/bitpacking/test_json_dataclass.py
test/cli/test_init.py
test/cli/test_multiworld.py
test/cli/commands/test_batch_distribute.py
test/cli/commands/test_distribute_command.py
test/cli/commands/test_prime_database.py
test/cli/commands/test_randomize_command.py
test/dol_patching/test_custom_ppc.py
test/dol_patching/test_dol_version.py
test/dol_patching/test_ppc.py
test/game_connection/test_connection_backend.py
test/game_connection/test_game_connection.py
test/game_connection/connector/test_corruption_remote_connector.py
test/game_connection/connector/test_echoes_remote_connector.py
test/game_connection/connector/test_prime1_remote_connector.py
test/game_connection/executor/test_dolphin_executor.py
test/game_connection/executor/test_nintendont_executor.py
test/game_description/test_data_reader.py
test/game_description/test_data_writer.py
test/game_description/test_game_description.py
test/game_description/test_game_patches.py
test/game_description/test_node.py
test/game_description/test_node_search.py
test/game_description/test_pickup_entry.py
test/game_description/test_pretty_print.py
test/game_description/test_requirements.py
test/game_description/test_resources.py
test/game_description/world/test_world_list.py
test/games/test_prime_binary_decoder.py
test/games/patchers/test_claris_patcher_file.py
test/games/patchers/test_claris_randomizer.py
test/games/patchers/test_csharp_subprocess.py
test/games/patchers/test_randomprime_patcher.py
test/games/patchers/gamecube/test_iso_packager.py
test/games/prime/conftest.py
test/games/prime/test_all_prime_dol_patches.py
test/games/prime/test_echoes_dol_patcher.py
test/games/prime/test_echoes_dol_patches.py
test/games/prime/test_patcher_file.py
test/games/prime/patcher_file_lib/test_item_hints.py
test/games/prime/patcher_file_lib/test_pickup_exporter.py
test/games/prime/patcher_file_lib/test_sky_temple_key_hint.py
test/generator/test_base_patches_factory.py
test/generator/test_elevator_distributor.py
test/generator/test_generator.py
test/generator/test_generator_reach.py
test/generator/test_retcon_filler_integration.py
test/generator/filler/test_pickup_list.py
test/generator/filler/test_runner.py
test/generator/item_pool/test_pool_creator.py
test/gui/test_auto_tracker_window.py
test/gui/test_corruption_layout_editor.py
test/gui/test_data_editor.py
test/gui/test_debug_backend_window.py
test/gui/test_game_session_window.py
test/gui/test_game_specific_gui.py
test/gui/test_generate_seed_tab.py
test/gui/test_main_online_interaction.py
test/gui/test_main_window.py
test/gui/test_multiworld_client.py
test/gui/test_online_game_list_window.py
test/gui/test_seed_details_window.py
test/gui/test_tracker_window.py
test/gui/dialog/test_background_process_dialog.py
test/gui/dialog/test_connections_editor.py
test/gui/dialog/test_corruption_cosmetic_patches_dialog.py
test/gui/dialog/test_echoes_cosmetic_patches_dialog.py
test/gui/dialog/test_game_input_dialog.py
test/gui/dialog/test_item_configuration_popup.py
test/gui/dialog/test_logic_settings_window.py
test/gui/dialog/test_login_prompt_dialog.py
test/gui/dialog/test_node_details_popup.py
test/gui/dialog/test_permalink_dialog.py
test/gui/dialog/test_prime_cosmetic_patches_dialog.py
test/gui/dialog/test_racetime_browser_dialog.py
test/gui/dialog/test_trick_details_popup.py
test/gui/dialog/test_trick_usage_dialog.py
test/gui/lib/test_async_dialog.py
test/gui/lib/test_background_task_mixing.py
test/gui/lib/test_common_qt_lib.py
test/gui/lib/test_foldable.py
test/gui/lib/test_game_connection_setup.py
test/gui/lib/test_preset_describer.py
test/gui/lib/test_qt_network_client.py
test/gui/lib/test_theme.py
test/gui/preset_settings/test_item_pool_tab.py
test/gui/preset_settings/test_location_pool_row_widget.py
test/gui/preset_settings/test_preset_elevator.py
test/gui/preset_settings/test_starting_area.py
test/interface_common/test_github_releases_data.py
test/interface_common/test_options.py
test/interface_common/test_preset_editor.py
test/interface_common/test_preset_manager.py
test/interface_common/test_simplified_patcher.py
test/interface_common/test_update_checker.py
test/layout/test_ammo_configuration.py
test/layout/test_ammo_state.py
test/layout/test_echoes_configuration.py
test/layout/test_game_patches_serializer.py
test/layout/test_layout_description.py
test/layout/test_location_list.py
test/layout/test_major_item_state.py
test/layout/test_major_items_configuration.py
test/layout/test_permalink.py
test/layout/test_preset_migration.py
test/layout/test_teleporters.py
test/layout/test_translator_configuration.py
test/layout/test_trick_level_configuration.py
test/network_client/test_network_client.py
test/resolver/test_bootstrap.py
test/resolver/test_resolver.py
test/resolver/test_resolver_reach.py
test/resolver/test_state.py
test/resolver/item_pool/test_ammo.py
test/resolver/item_pool/test_pickup_creator.py
test/resolver/item_pool/test_sky_temple_key.py
test/server/conftest.py
test/server/test_app.py
test/server/test_database.py
test/server/test_game_session.py
test/server/test_server_app.py
test/server/test_user_session.py
test/server/discord/test_database_command.py
test/server/discord/test_preset_lookup.py
test/test_files/echo_tool.py
test/test_files/echoes_log_a.txt
test/test_files/echoes_log_recursion_heavy.txt
test/test_files/prime2_original_log.txt
test/test_files/prime2_small.json
test/test_files/prime_data_as_binary.bin
test/test_files/prime_data_as_json.json
test/test_files/randomizer_patcher.json
test/test_files/log_files/corruption_seed_a.rdvgame
test/test_files/log_files/multiworld.rdvgame
test/test_files/log_files/prime1-vanilla.rdvgame
test/test_files/log_files/prime1_and_2_multi.rdvgame
test/test_files/log_files/seed_a.rdvgame
test/test_files/log_files/test_preset.rdvpreset
test/test_files/log_files/vanilla.rdvgame
test/test_files/presets/fewest_changes_v1.rdvpreset
tools/.gitignore
tools/bulk_seed_search.py
tools/create_release.py
tools/deploy_server.py
tools/fake_nintendont_server.py
tools/game_console.py
tools/log_analyzer.py
tools/parse_nintendont_packet.py
tools/post_discord_webhook.py
tools/prepare_virtual_env.bat
tools/prepare_virtual_env.sh
tools/profile.ps1
tools/sky_temple_key.icns
tools/start_client.bat
tools/start_client.sh
tools/start_debug_client.bat
tools/start_dev_server.bat
tools/update_requirements.bat
tools/upload_release_to_bintray.py
tools/additional-pyinstaller-hooks/hook-qdarktheme.py
tools/additional-pyinstaller-hooks/hook-shiboken2.py
tools/server-docker/docker-compose.yml